dear Microsoft,

The year is not too far from now when your executives are scanning the net trying to figure out how you got your ass kicked. You went from
 having a massive majority of business and personal computing to barely able to hold on to some of the server market. This is why you dumb shits.
 
 First. Your taking over CPU, Memory, Disk, and most importantly network use. Your thinking that the world needs whatever bullshit feature you are adding to Word 
 at 930am when folks are trying to get their work done is the top of the list why. Second, the ever exploding over coded applications that have these embeded features 
 you are forcing us to take at a time of your choosing are not worth a shit. I spent 45 minutes online trying to figure out how to delete a page. You know what? It is not easy.
 You took the basics. Made them hard, and update after update after update destroyed Word. 
 
 Next your taking over internet bandwidth. Did I say this already? You drove my verizon to its limits and kept right on going. I can't even bring up a web page because 
 your updating systems are still going. Is this Windows 10 version 1? No, we are years into it and I get to start every day with microfucking my computer.
 
 Remember back in the DOS days? We all said "do not change someones autoexec.bat or config.sys or do things without permission". The autoupdate and feature fucks destroyed that. 
 How are you to know what is and what is not acceptable use of my machine? Clearly you don't. Why not ask me if this is a good time to use all my available resources? No?
  Because you do it so often that asking permission to do it has been junked. Because that is all you would do is ask to update. So now, all we do is sit by our computers 
  and might as well drink a beer because monday through friday 8am to 11am is microsoft day. Meanwhile, people using other platforms are busy at work getting things done.
  
  I have no critique of server. But of course, it runs over there at Amazon. No, I won't use Microsofts developer platforms because I am afraid you will do the same shit over there. 
  Somehow, my AWS seems to run fine all day. I have to dump windows as my home client, run Google as my operating system and install Amazon workspaces so I can use windows to create a 
  word doc or excel spreadsheet when I want to not when you decide you are done fucking with my computer.
  
  My hope is I can get rid of that even. Maybe someone will make a version of word and excel that we all have the same file extensions to so that we do not have to play update anymore. 
  The old versions would do that just fine. But, you cannot edit new versions. So we need a new version that takes all the versions blends them into one and does not update.
  
  OH! And since when does a local copy of word need 100kbps constant connection to operate? What the fuck are you even connecting to the net for? A template? I am in the middle of writing 
  and I got my word processor having a fucking conversation with microsoft?
  
  Trust me. This is only the begining. Look at what you did to internet explorer. You know Google had to make a web broswer because your browser sucked SOOO bad that people were willing to 
  download a whole different web browser just to not have to deal with you!!! Are you kidding me? It is not because they had a search engine. It is because you sucked and were full of viruses 
  and then! OMG instead of fixing the problem you made it worse and started shipping a version of a web browser that did not work at all without a million questions. 
  What the fuck is wrong with your marketing guys? Did they have even 1 focus group on what not to do?
  
  It is like department by department you are trying to kill anything that made any sense at all in the hopes of lower and lower revenue levels. 
  
  Office Sucks
  Explorer Sucks
  Windows 10 Sucks
  
  Even Visual Mother Fucking Studio Sucks. Have you tried to integrate Angular and Asp.Net and waited an hour for a build? Are you kidding me?
  Why bother? Just do VB.NET or ASP.NET or C# or whatever and do it right. 
  And we all know you morons are great a documentation. Remember your little help wizzard. Wow what a fucking loser that was. Cute. But dumb.
  
  So here you are, building yet another operating system. Windows light I guess. For IoT. It sucks by the way. It has all the things you do not want and none of the things you do.
  
  I cannot wait to see what kind of mess you fuckup with Qualcomm!
  
  You need to scrap all the top leadership. Zero them out. Your fired! Start all over with some people that think like people and dont try to fix this mess. Just dump it. 
  Start all over. New, fast and friendly operating system that does not need a constantly running anti-virus. Get your shit together with Office and leave it alone there are other products to build. 
  Stop trying to fix SQL server! It is fucked up. Make a whole new one and like Office stop fucking with it! 
  
  Then, take a page out of Google's book and go make something fucking useful instead of beating on the same old shit. 
  1 update every 2 years would be plenty. And make sure the shit is backward compatible and people can use the old and the new.
  
  Anyway, you won't and that is why your stock will soon go to shit. My kids kids will not even know who the once all time leading giant in computing doesnt even have a fucking web site.
  
  Oh before I forget. MSDN - Microsoft Developer Network. Really? Show me one single online chat (yes websockets chat) that developers can go on and chat? 
  No? Because they are all too pissed. Thats why.
  
  Server 2016 when hosted by AWS does not suck too much. Take what you are doing right there as a starting point? Or IDK ask google to come help you?
  Funny, you had the resources to bail out Apple. When it was you that needed saving. I am not saying it can be done. I am saying if you do not try then you will look a lot like the 
  other companies that are no longer online because they used your products and were loyal all the way to their death.
  
  
