  
  
  DEX. It works. I dont use windows at home or office anymore. Well, that is not true. I remote into a backup copy because the 
  mobile version of word is not quite there but google has alternatives so once a few more apps have ported to other 
  OS or I find different solutions I will remote in. But it is not even every day anyway. 
  
  Gone are my bandwidth chewing microsoft updates!
  Gone are notifications I don't care about!
  Gone are CPU and DISK use max right in the middle of my work.
  
  If microsoft ever fixes the issues I have, I would consider using again, but for now, finally I can just get to work or play on 
  my device whenever I want. I do not sit and wait for microsoft to give me permission via stop consuming all my resources.
  
  I still like MS for server-side tech. I dont see them going out of business. Although, I have no idea why they want to own 
  github. That concerns me. I avoided using github (posting) for years for the very reason I don't want my private source code 
  on a server somewhere that could get hacked or worse, bought. And what do you know. 
  
  So now git is perfect for open-source and source sharing but unless you want your git hub giving you resume tips like your word 
  doc just because the file is names resume you might want to think about all that for your private code.
  
  So then what? What is the business model microsoft? 
  
  They fuck up all the time. Look at "Frontpage". It was a disaster for the web server. Huge security problem. And what did 
  microsoft do? They bought the company that made it. 
  Wow. Like uploading a file to the web server was gonna be a challenge. Just dumb. 
  
  I had to write a c++ based .dll because microsoft sold people on frontpage and I had to fix the security issues. 
  
  In the end, just waited it out. ActiveX in the web browser should have never happened either. When it came out. The first thing 
  I had to tell people was to disable it. What did microsoft do? They started releasing the web browser completely unuseable until you enabled 
  stuff. Are you kidding? Does'nt anyone there just have a cup if coffee with a real person?
  
  Truely. Love Microsoft, Hate Microsoft. I was a huge fan years ago. Today, well.
  
