  
 
 
 Ok what is with apps these days still being completely dependent upon facebook?
 
 Many are not. In fact, I see google auth more and more. 
 
 A lot of apps are still requiring facebook if you want to upload your profile pic? Are you kidding? Is it really that hard 
 to create your own upload? I write that kind of code in a day and server side storage, what a gif? Come on.
 
 Lazy lazy lazy. Facebook is gonna die. It was a huge fad in the first place. How many "social media" books have there been. 
 This one just got real big real fast. Too fast. 
 
 Why do I think this? Over 50% of the adults I know have already deleted their facebook account or havent touched it in months.
 There are a few I know that are still engaging in some conversation but the reality is if you have not found your long lost buddy 
 on facebook by now, you probably dont give a shit. 
 
 And I don't need my phone to go off everytime someone wants to share a new pic of their dog. Call me anti-social.
 How about a real phone call or skype? A letter, and email, even a txt. No?
 
 If you do not have time to call me in the last 15 years and expect because you friended me I am going to give a shit about your dog that is a little ripe. 
 
 I hate to say it but I have 30 friends at the local bar another 30 or even more at golf courses etc. Why do I need facebook to tell me they are my friends?
 
 Next, games think we want to share our game with our friends so bad that we want to use facebook. 
 Frankly, I am a little embarassed I have time for my golf game. I do not need people knowing that I spent 6 hours last week on Golf 
 one lonely Friday night. 
 
 Or whatever they do with the info? Maybe advertise to me other golf games, golf gear, golf shirts? Really?
 
 Another dumb rant, let me know if you are still using your facebook and why? Maybe I am missing something. 
 
 Oh, this kind of Rant? Hmmm. So I should put up a facebook page so I cant rant about something? Then others can go on their facebook page and 
 see that I ranted? Personal blog? 
 
 That is like drunk texting everyone you know all at once. If you got a story to tell that everyone wants to hear about, setup a website. 
 If it is not important enough to setup a website then there is your sign. 
 
 Of course, a billion people still disagree with me. Or 1B minus 1 today. They grew real fast. I am thinking they will ungrow 
 a little slower. 
 
 Who has time? The only working people I know that still have time actually have Jobs in social media for the company they work for. 
 
 So back to my point. I think game and app developers should just dump facebook or at the very least be sure to have other login options such as Google.
 
 

 

