

CLEARLY consumers are TIRED of dumb notifications cluttering up the notifications bars on just about every platform. 

It is like the boy who cried wolf. The notification bar is for urgent stuff. Like your BOSS sent you a text or even more important 
your WIFE! You need to know that. What you don't need to know is that dumbo app that you have been trying to delete 
off your phone or computer can't update because you are not on WiFi or that it did update. Who the fuck cares!!!???

Or how about my golf game, that I DO like, letting me know 15 times a day that I got some points? You have to go in and block 
all notifications to/from that app because they abuse it.

MY NOTIFICATION BAR IS NOT MEANT FOR MARKETING PURPOSES!! It is like companies (marketers) think that because you bought 
one pair of pants at their store you want to be beeped at and notified every day about their fucking store. It is not true. 
Sorry. 

Sure, the solution is to turn off notifications and Google has done a good job (kinda) at creating ways to turn that off. 
But the logic of having to turn it off in the first place? Really? 

So how about this OS developers? How about a setting that keeps ALL NOTIFICATIONS OFF unless turned ON. That will force developers 
to ask you if you want it on. We all know the answer is no. But if somebody wants it on how about making that poor dude turn it on
instead of the vast majority having to go through their phone (probably while on a plane) and turn everything off that has been annoying 
the last 6 months. Personally I would rather spend that hour playing a video game or researching something I am interested in. 

Oh, and leave ON the communications related notifications. Like SMS and PHONE CALLS. 
But do not get me started on call and text filtering! 

#1 ALL NOTIFICATIONS OFF unless otherwise told or SMS/Phone. How hard is that? 
#2 DONT INSTALL APPS THAT WE CANNOT DELETE - The phone is MY phone not your phone. I am not talking about some system critical 
component. I am talking about apps that "come with the device". Thanks, really great, But if we hate the fucking app we are stuck?
Sure, somewhere by purchasing the phone I gave up the right to decide? That might be a great legal argument but it sucks as 
a customer. It is bad for business. Why do it? Not only do you piss the customer off but you create hate for your product. 
Especially if it takes up an entire swipe screen or if you cannot disable notifications on it or otherwise shut it the hell up.
Trust me, it is bad enough even looking at the icon in the apps list wishing it could be deleted for nothing else than the space!

Ok, Everybody agrees on this. It is a minor thing we all put up with. Years of devices, hundreds of notifications and apps we hate.
No big deal. Everyone expects to have to screw with their new phone to get things right. Too bad.

Oh, great idea adding the WiFi router to the phone so you can connect devices. But, then decide there is some limit to 
data used by those connected devices. A plan that has "unlimited" bandwidth is scaled back for the rest of your month if 
you go over some limit. So do we add a way to control the bandwidth? Nope, we just shrink the bandwidth hose for a month. 

Why do companies think like this. They spend millions of dollars to gain new customers and then turn around and do stupid shit.

PROMOTE your company by offering great things and even put free trial or free apps on the phone. That is fine. But allow it to 
be deleted if it turns out it sucks. Dont say "unlimited bandwidth" when it is not. If there is a "restrictions apply" then provide 
solutions that help a customer out. Fucking up their useage for a month over a technicality is just bad business. 

Next week: Overbilling practices. Charging you nickles and dimes until you disconnect or terminate. Extending hardware payment 
plans on senior citizens that do not know the device has been paid for years ago yet keep getting charged the same amount. 
We like automated billing in some cases. But when it is used to charge for things we do not want and the only way to stop it is 
to spend a couple hours on the phone is abuse of the customer. It needs to end. You take a critical service like a phone and overbill 
and if the consumer doesnt pay the over charges they lose their phone! Cute. Someday there will be a class action on this. 
Millions maybe billions of dollars have been paid for things the customer expected to not have to pay. Or charges that were 
supposed to stop but for some reason in 2018 the automatic billing system just could not help itself. 

Recently the government got all excited about how facebook uses our information. Great, my name and email address and how 
many hot dogs I eat are better protected. When will a consumer bill of rights give us recourse that exceeds not only the 
money over charged but additions "fees" we can charge the service provider for OUR TIME to do something about it. 
If XYZ phone company had to shell out a check, not just a credit, but actual cash, for all the overpaid fees and a 
$1000.00 per hour FEE for the time it took us to call in and resolve the issue. I bet you would not see overbilling anymore.

But to them, overbilling is a profit center. "The system won't let us go back and pay you for the months and months we overcharged you"
Of course not. At best, all you do is put an end to it. If you are lucky. Hmm I wonder if some lawyer firm could take this 
and do something about it? If we bitch-slap the companies for bad behavior maybe they will self correct. 

Don't get me wrong. I do not want government in our affairs. I would rather live in a world where companies just did the right thing. 

It is this kind of stuff that we have to go and create dumb laws, dumb regulations, that cost good business money and time and effort 
because some other business wants to boost their bottom line a notch. Someday, companies will be responsible, not tree-hugging 
responsible lip service but actually responsibe and self correcting accountable. 

I will keep dreaming.
